feat: add upgrade-15 (proposal 74) (#157)
Agoric/agoric-3-proposals: proposals/74:upgrade-15/README.md

> # Proposal to upgrade the chain software to upgrade-14
> 
> This software upgrade executes core proposals during the upgrade block, as
> defined by the `agoric-upgrade-14` upgrade handler. See `upgrade14Handler` in
> `agoric-sdk/golang/cosmos/app/app.go`

Author: ```suggestion
# Proposal to upgrade the chain software to upgrade-15

This software upgrade executes core proposals during the upgrade block, as
defined by the `agoric-upgrade-15` upgrade handler. See `upgrade15Handler` in
`agoric-sdk/golang/cosmos/app/app.go`
```
